#Lucky Me
>Megan, you're just not a lucky person.

The memory of my mom saying this to me for the first time when I was little, and many times after that, has come back to me this summer. Why? Well, because I am in fact "not a lucky person". Some of you have already heard the story about how my phone ended up at the bottom of the South Platte River (protected, mocking me, in the plastic bag I placed it in), but that's not really the point of this reflection. 
The point is that, had that happened to me just a few weeks earlier, before joining FOCUS, I would not have been able to continue on with the rest of my day. I wouldn't have still been able to be present to those around me, learn from them, laugh with them, and enjoy God's beauty in nature all while knowing I had lost something that I rely on so heavily. But that's exactly what I was able to do, and the only real explanation I have for that is that I have experienced a taste of God's infinite peace since beginning this internship. 
It also has shifted my thinking. I've heard the phrase "God never gives you more than you can handle" quite a few times, as I bet many of you have, and I suppose I mostly believed it. I thought it only really applied to big things, though - huge, life altering changes or big struggles. It never occurred to me that God cared about the mundane annoyances of my everyday life, or that He could be using them to shape me. Now I know that those are perfect opportunities to "offer it up" to Him, reminding ourselves that He is always in control.
So no, I am not a lucky person. But that just means God knows exactly what I can and cannot handle. He isn't afraid to allow me to stumble if it means I can learn how to walk. If that's the case, I'll take my odds any day.
